Hope. It's where BioMarin's story begins. It's what we work to deliver every day. And it’s what makes being here truly special. Good people doing work that does good. Powerful therapies empowering people’s lives. Rare opportunities sprung from treating rare diseases. These things shape the work experience and provide a powerful connection between who you are, the work you do, and the life-changing hope it delivers. As a biopharmaceutical company, our success stems from our unwavering focus on science and the hope our therapies can bring to patients and their families. Explore our story, and let our opportunities speak to you.



Our Vision
Our vision is to be the leading pharmaceutical company and a leader in Corporate Nigeria, through the achievement of excellence in delivering competitive and high quality products and services.


Our Mission
Our performance will be driven by our resolve to be the Number 1 pharmaceutical company in Nigeria, maintaining enviable employee welfare scheme, through the provision of quality products and superior returns to all stakeholders while adding value to indigenous research.




Our Business Structure To ensure achievement of set operational objectives and to ensure desired business growth. Our current business is unified, adopting the traditional sales & marketing management styles. Embedded in this structure are Pharmaceutical and Veterinary business arms structured into territorial markets for ease of management and control. The Nigerian market and ECOWAS markets are thus similarly structured into districts and regions where Neimeth’s products are distributed.
 
The Pharmaceuticals business distributes:-
1. Ethical Products – comprising of Neimeth branded ethical products including our flagship home grown product CIKLAVIT for the management of sickle cell disease. In addition products such as Normoretic, flexodene, Tiocosid, etc and new branded generics are part of the portfolio.
 
2. Consumer Product – comprising 15 major product groups divided into 39 presentations. High volume products like NCP, Pyrantrin, Obron – 6, Homtamin G and Pancemol are included as part of consumer products portfolio.
 
Veterinary Business 
Neimeth is now poised to re-enter the lucrative Nigerian Animal Health business, which has very robust volume and profit potentials. We expect to regain a controlling market share in a few years. We have introduced our own brand of poultry and large animal range of anthelmintics, as well as production enhancing medicaments. We will also enter into strategic alliances in key disease areas that show great business potentials.
 
Ecowas Business
Neimeth is firmly on ground in the Anglophone West African Countries of Ghana, Sierra Leone, Liberia and the Gambia. Our key products like Ciklavit, Homtamin G, NCP have been registered there and are in rising demand.
 
Teamwork

Neimeth expects staff to approach their tasks with the spirit of teamwork, sharing responsibilities and rewards with each other, in an environment of trust and friendship.
Leadership

We are committed to providing the opportunity for leadership at all levels on our organization, the pharmaceutical industry and indeed the Nation.
 
Innovation

We believe that by doing things differently, building a foundation on new and proven ideas, we can change any market situation. Our commitment to innovation means we shall continuously introduce better and efficacious products to meet changing market needs.
Customer Focus

We believe that our customers are the bedrock of our market position. We are committed to meeting the needs of our customers and satisfying their desires by striving to offer them the best quality at the best prices always.
Integrity

At Neimeth, we expect our stakeholders to possess integrity and we demand same of ourselves. Openness, honesty, and ethical conduct must characterize our transactions.
Performance

We believe that our performance will earn us the respect that we deserve in the industry and communities of interest. So we set high performance standards for ourselves and business associates.
Community

We give our best as a corporate citizen to the communities in which we operate. By improving the well being of these communities, we receive commensurate rewards from them because our corporate life is tied to their well-being.
Responsiveness

We believe that our corporate success is based on the excellence of our people. We strive to be responsive to our employees, customers and the general public by encouraging free flow of information.
God Consciousness

We believe that the Almighty God created, Heaven and the Earth and all that are within them. We recognize the sovereign character of God and His love for mankind. Our desire is to do God’s will and in all our dealings to reflect our love and respect for Him, knowing full well that we need divine guidance to successfully and consistently accomplish our mission/vision.


Community consciousness is one of Neimeth’s core values. To this end, Neimeth as a good corporate citizen, has from the early sixties till date engaged in various community based welfare programmes that confirm its dedication to community welfare. The company has contributed significantly in helping to control worm infection via numerous free deworming schemes and has also deployed sanitation/ hygiene and diverse health educational strategies to reduce overall health cost through education.
 
One of such health educational strategies is Pyrantrin Kids Club. It is a health educational club for children aged 4-13 years. This is because children have been proved to be the main transmission link in worms infection. Membership is spread across the 36 states, and is 100,000 strong presently. It has numerous enviable membership benefits like birthday cards, scholarships, etc. Membership strength, it is expected, would hit a million by the end of 2010.
 
Another health educational strategy is Helminthiasis Elimination Lower-Cost Partnership (HELP). This is Neimeth’s social engineering programme aimed at improving the health, nutrition and welfare of Nigerians through the eradication of worm burden in our society. Like Pyrantrin Kids Club, it is structured on chemotherapy, sanitation, hygiene and health education. HELP is a mass deworming partnership programme with NGOs, Governments, State Ministries of Women and Social Development at highly subsidized shared/lower cost.
 
Other community health educational programmes include “The Insidious Epidemic” (This enlightens Nigerians on the dangers of hypertension and diabetes and useful tips on ways to remedy them). The programme also involves free blood pressure and diabetes screening.
 
Associated with this programme is the Stress Management Programme for Executives (SMAPEX) in which we emphasise the need for deliberate stress control by busy executives to minimize the risk of exposure to insidious diseases like hypertension, diabetes etc.
 
The challenges and threats posed by the endemicity of malaria in our communities in Nigeria are well known. MALATROL Roll Back Malaria Programme (RBM) has been specially designed to take care of this problem, considering that malaria is responsible to 10% of children’s death in hospitals and accounts for high mortality rate in pregnant women at an estimated 40%.
 
Malnutrition results in mental and physical development of 1 out of 3 children in developing countries like Nigeria. NUTRISOL is a partnership initiative to provide rational solution to this growing problem at reduced cost; thereby improving health, welfare and nutritional status of every family in Nigeria and giving tremendous visibility to government with attendant socio-political benefits.
 
The consequences of Guinea worm infection on victims are known to be quite devastating. Fortunately these are reversible. It is estimated that over 2.5 million Nigerians are infected every year with far reaching impact on our economy, food production, etc. Neimeth offers solutions that will institute collaborative efforts involving Ministries of Health, Education, Information and Water Resources through her Guinea Worm Eradication Programme (G-WEP).
 
NEIMETH ‘s focus on indigenous research into drugs and medicaments for common African disease ailments led to the discovery and launch of CIKLAVIT, a nutritional supplement for the management of Sickle Cell disease. Consequent upon this, a well orchestrated public enlightenment/advocacy machinery was established by the company to handle issues on sickle cell disease. Its activities include facilitation of the setting up of Sickle Cell Clubs in Local Government Areas across Nigeria, facilitating the management of these Clubs in collaboration with other NGOs, demystification of the disease among rural communities as well as counselling of young and single people before marriage.
 
NEIMETH has also put her technical expertise at the service of State Governments in the area of “Drug Revolving Fund (DRF)” management to ensure greater mileage in quality and reach of such State health programmes. Some State are beneficiaries of this medicare enhancement programme.
The focus and cost effectiveness of these enlightenment and advocacy programmes make them most beneficial to the recipients and gives the highest visibility to government health programmes at highly subsidized rates.
 
Neimeth has also offered numerous scholarships to children and students alike. Her community welfare activities also involve sponsorship of numerous NGOs, Schools, Churches, Overseas fellowships, Professional travel, medical treatment for individuals, course/seminar sponsorship among others.
 